Api-Gateway authentication control for paths (#4533)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/api-gateway/06-01-api.md

| **spec.authentication** | **NO** | Allows to specify an array of authentication policies that secure the service. |
| **authentication.type** | **YES** | Specifies the desired authentication method that secures the exposed service. |
| **authentication.jwt.issuer**, **authentication.jwt.jwksUri** | **YES** | Specifies the issuer of the tokens used to access the services, as well as the JWKS endpoint URI. |

> | **authentication.jwt.triggerRule** | **NO** | Specifies rules for disabling JWT validation for specific resource paths. If this parameter value is empty or not provided, JWT validation is always enabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **authentication.jwt.triggerRule** | **NO** | Specifies rules for disabling JWT validation for specific resource paths. If this parameter value is empty or not provided, JWT validation is enabled for all resource paths. |
```

> | **authentication.jwt.triggerRule.excludedPaths** | **NO** | Specifies a list of matching expressions that configure resource paths excluded from JWT validation.  See [this](#configuration-of-resources-excluded-from-JWT-validation) section for more details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **authentication.jwt.triggerRule.excludedPaths** | **NO** | Specifies a list of matching expressions that configure resource paths excluded from JWT validation.  See [this](#details-security-specify-service-resource-paths-not-sercured-with-jwt-authentication) document for more details. |
```

- If you set the value to `true` and the **spec.authentication** parameter value is not empty, authentication is enabled for the service. Entries from the **spec.authentication** parameter are used to create the value of the **origins** attribute of the corresponding Istio Authentication Policy.
- If you set the value to `true` and the **spec.authentication** parameter value is empty or not provided, authentication is enabled for the service. The default authentication settings specified in API Controller environment variables are used to create the value of the **origins** attribute of the corresponding Istio Authentication Policy.

> ### Configuration of resources excluded from JWT validation

Reviewer: Please remove this section, I added it to `03-01` instead.

Author: Done.

> ### Configuration of resources excluded from JWT validation

Reviewer: Please remove this section, I added it to `03-01` instead.
